Update Steering committee guidelines (#49)
ansible/community-docs: steering_committee_membership_guidelines.rst

   person responsible for arranging the election about that.
#. Conduct anonymous voting somewhere.
#. Internally and publicly announce the elected candidate.

The chairperson has the following powers unlike regular members:

> * The chairperson has a casting vote when vote deadlocks in `community topics <https://github.com/ansible-community/community-topics/issues>`_ happen (equal numbers of votes for and against a topic).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The chairperson's vote breaks ties to resolve deadlocks when equal numbers of steering committee members vote for and against a `community topic <https://github.com/ansible-community/community-topics/issues>`_.
```

   person responsible for arranging the election about that.
#. Conduct anonymous voting somewhere.
#. Internally and publicly announce the elected candidate.

The chairperson has the following powers unlike regular members:

> * The chairperson has a casting vote when vote deadlocks in `community topics <https://github.com/ansible-community/community-topics/issues>`_ happen (equal numbers of votes for and against a topic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The chairperson has a casting vote when vote deadlocks in `community topics <https://github.com/ansible-community/community-topics/issues>`_ happen (equal numbers of votes for and against a topic).
```

> * Has a power of veto - the power to unilaterally reject a decision made by the Committee. In this case, the chairperson must explain their motives in a corresponding `community topic <https://github.com/ansible-community/community-topics/issues>`_.

Author: we discussed this a long time ago, so I don't remember the details, frankly speaking, but, i guess, it was taken by analogy with other projects/public institutions. It can be overwritten (imo, by 3/4 of the SC feels sensible, I'll add this to the other doc now, thanks @felixfontein for suggesting).
I'm not opposed to get rid of the veto entirely if other members agree.

> * Has a power of veto - the power to unilaterally reject a decision made by the Committee. In this case, the chairperson must explain their motives in a corresponding `community topic <https://github.com/ansible-community/community-topics/issues>`_.

Author: Done, PTAL
